Document .NET 11 breaking change: TarReader validates checksums (#50994)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/core-libraries/11/tar-checksum-validation.md

using System.IO;

using var stream = File.OpenRead("bad-cksum.tar");
using var reader = new TarReader(stream);

while (reader.GetNextEntry() is not null)
{
    // Process entries, even if the checksum is invalid.
}
```

If the TAR file `bad-cksum.tar` contained an entry with an invalid checksum, the code would process the entry without any indication of the issue.

## New behavior

Starting in .NET 11, when reading a TAR archive with an invalid checksum, `TarReader` throws an <xref:System.IO.InvalidDataException> and stops processing the archive. The exception message indicates the checksum validation failure.

## Type of breaking change

This change is a [behavioral change](../../categories.md#behavioral-change).

## Reason for change

This change was introduced to improve the reliability and security of the `System.Formats.Tar` library. By validating checksums, `TarReader` can detect and prevent the use of corrupted or tampered TAR files, ensuring that only valid data is processed. For more information, see [dotnet/runtime#118577](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/pull/118577) and [dotnet/runtime#117455](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/117455).

## Recommended action

> If your application relies on the `TarReader` to process TAR archives, you should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application relies on the `TarReader` to process TAR archives:
```

1. Update your code to handle the <xref:System.IO.InvalidDataException> that might be thrown when a checksum validation fails.
2. Ensure that the TAR files being processed are valid and have correct checksums. If you encounter checksum failures, verify the integrity of the source TAR files.

> 3. If you need to process TAR files with invalid checksums for specific scenarios, consider implementing custom error handling or preprocessing the files to correct the checksums.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update your code to handle the <xref:System.IO.InvalidDataException> that might be thrown when a checksum validation fails.
- Ensure that the TAR files being processed are valid and have correct checksums. If you encounter checksum failures, verify the integrity of the source TAR files.
- If you need to process TAR files with invalid checksums for specific scenarios, consider implementing custom error handling or preprocessing the files to correct the checksums.
```
